Just Before Dawn in Gaza flares Light Up
the Sky after a night of
bombing the jabalia refugee camp in the
north and Sabra District in the west are
under
attack near the entrance to gaza's
biggest Hospital people run for
safety a Rising Sun reveals a smoke
folded
sky in Northern Gaza a prayer for the
Dead for nearly a month there's been no
electricity to power fridges at the morg
many dead bodies are decomposed others
charred beyond recognition we the
Ministry of Health together with the
Justice Ministry have prepared this Mas
grave no one is Untouched by Israel's
bombing
campaign like all families some of my
family members are killed some injured
and some missing we're now looking for
one
another in jabalia at least n people
were killed many more are missing most
likely buried under
Rubble Israeli forces have entered Gaza
City and are battling Palestinian
Fighters Street by Street and house by
house in scenes reminiscent of the
forced displacement of
750,000 Palestinians during the creation
of Israel in
1948 tens of thousands have been forced
from the North in recent days those able
to get out head for the rougher border
crossing with Egypt this is the gateway
to a hellish
nightmare I cannot even fathom to think
what people are going through on the
other
side the humanitarian crisis unfolding
in Gaza is
unprecedented many Palestinians are
forced to eat scraps of bread and drink
whatever water they can find even if if
it is contaminated and
unsafe I wish I could go back home I
hope I can go back to school and see my
teachers I wish I could go back and play
with my friends I hate War because it
took the lives of all my
friends when night returns so do
Israel's bombs and nowhere is safe mik
leel Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz
zero